I am sending the following package to you in the hope that it might
be usefull to you in your research or in the teaching of Geometric
Algebra.  I wrote this package to help me learn Geometric Algebra 
without being bogged down in making algebra mistakes while doing many
of the derivations in Doran and Lazenby.  I figure that if I wrote 
the code its all right for me to use it to do the derivations!

The attached files comprize a python module for symbolic geometric
algebra and associated tests and documentation.  In linux detailed
documentation for the GAsympy module can be generated with the 
command line "pydoc GAsympy" or "pydoc -w GAsympy" if you wish to 
create the documentation in html format.  You must be in the directory
containing GAsympy.py when executing pydoc.  The test cases are all
derivations found in "Geometric Algebra for Physicists" by Doran and
Lazenby. LaTeX documentation files are symbolicGA.tex and macros.tex. 
The documentation is generated by executing 'python setup.py' in doc
directory.

The included files are:

    GAsympy.py          - Symbolic geometric algebra module
    latex_out.py        - LaTeX formatting module
    test_symbolicGA.py  - Test program for GAsympy
    test_symbolicGA.out - Output of test program for GAsympy
    symbolicGA.pdf      - Discription of symbolic geometric algebra module
    test_GA.py          - Test suite using py.test program
    symbolicGA.tex      - LaTeX file of program documentations
    macros.tex          - LaTeX file of macros for symbolicGA.tex document
    setup.py            - Program to generate pdf docs (requires latex and dvipdf)

For operation in addition to the included files the following are required:

    python - www.python.org
    numpy  - numpy.scipy.org
    sympy  - code.google.com/p/sympy

While Python, numpy, and sympy all have linux and windows versions I only have
linux available to me so the GAsympy module has not been tested on Windows.

If you have any questions please E-mail me -

    Alan Bromborsky
    12435 Kemp Mill Road
    Silver Spring, MD 20902
    USA

    Tel:    301-625-5951
    E-mail: abrombo@verizon.net
